This programme contains strong
language and adult humour.
Basically get crisps shaped like
rockets, rainbow coloured ice cream,
the sort of stuff that
kids have at their parties.
Blimey, more, what are we
doing, opening up a dolphinarium?
Good, sorted,
so, where were we? Healthy eating.
Beneficial lifestyle choices.
Get in! What?
I've just landed Andy Murray.
Yeah! That's brilliant.
Andy Murray, Andy Murray,
the face of healthy choices.
The tennis player.
No, the fucking pianist.
Nicola Murray nets Andy Murray.
Well, we've both
netted him together.
Are you sure you want him. Murray?
Doesn't it sound like nepotism?
Like, in the way that people think
Russ and Diane Abbott are related?
And Bill Murray's her father.
OK, I'll level with you,
I don't like him.
Who would you suggest then, Terri?
Paula Radcliffe.
Pooey Paula. That's not healthy.
Shitting in your own pants, that's
definitely not a healthy image.
She could demonstrate how
to do the hop, shit and jump.
That is very unfair.
It only happened once.
Once is all you need.
Imagine if Bruce Forsyth, at
the start of Strictly Come Dancing,
there we go, you'd never hear the
end of that and quite rightly.
Terri, can we move on from
your hatred of Andy Murray
and can we start trailing
a major DoSAC initiative.
Don't give any details at this
stage, just say, it's major, TBA.
TBA?
To be announced. It's
really self-defeating if I have to
explain abbreviations to you, FFS.
What's FFS? Oh, for fuck...
Oh, we are going to need Malcolm
clearance, Ollie. Glenn,
can you get rid of all this water?
It looks like something out of
fucking Doctor Who.
Here they come, it's
the Flying Scot's curry.
# Where's your Papa Dom? #
You've got to try
this aubergine, it's cooked in ghee.
I fucking love ghee, it's
fucking freebase and butter.
Have some more wine, get quaffing.
MOBILE RINGS
Christ, here we go.
No, we don't do take away.
See, if this is recorded spam,
I'm going to hunt you down
and burst your fucking lungs.
Where actually are you, Malcolm?
I'm on holiday.
Where are you on holiday? Where?
Right, OK, I'm in Thailand in a sex
bar. About to get an fucking facial.
Right, quick summary,
Andy Murray, famous tennis player,
also lovely Scotch person,
face of healthy lifestyle choices.
Nicola Murray, slightly panicky
minister lady, wondered if that's OK
with you? Yeah, yeah, Andy Murray,
Andy Pandy, fucking Gandhi had a
hand shandy, what ever, just
fuck off out of my life, OK?
Okey-dokey.
The man from Hell Monte, he say,
"Fucking aye."
Sorry about that, everybody's
heard about the cooking, so...
Malcolm, what's all this about?
Well, I know these are hard
times for print journalists, yeah?
I read that on the internet. One day
you're writing for the papers and
the next you're sleeping under them.
Right, so this is like
Malcolm Tucker's soup kitchen.
Well, it is kind of in a way.
I just think you should have one, big
square meal before you end up fucking
living off White Lightning and your
own faeces. Come on, get stuck in.
I'll dish it up for you. What about
bringing back Steve Fleming, kind
of makes you old news, doesn't it?
Are you repositioning
yourself, Malcolm?
This is about a guy
sharing his ghee, that's it. OK.
So you're not currying favour, then?
SHE LAUGHS
Sorry! Fuck you, get out of
my house, get out of my house.
That was good, Geoffrey, for you.
No wonder nobody's fucking buying
your paper.
He's really on holiday?
Malcolm hasn't been on
holiday for 10 years.
Malcolm's got to keep moving or he's
dead. He's like a shark or Bob Dylan.
Who's driving the bus?
Morning, morning, DoSAC.
Bollocky bollocks.
It's the Ghost of Christmas Shit.
There's your answer, Terri.
There's the man driving the bus.
That's Reg bloody Varney, all stops
to electoral oblivion, ding-ding.
Get into my office, come
on, it'll buy us a bit of time.
I've never seen Steve Fleming
in the flesh. You're lucky.
For a man who brought us back into
power, his not very imposing, is he?
He looks like a Lego policeman.
Look at him. Super Mario.
Morning, campers! Hi!
Steve Fleming! Hello...OK!
Hello, Nicola!
Hi! You look like
you've lost some weight.
Do I? I don't think so, but...
I think so, yes.
Your face looks quite gaunt. Muscly.
Does it now?
I come bearing caffeinated gifts.
Thank you, that's very thoughtful.
Thank you very much.
I'm going to cut to the chase.
I need you to publish...
..all the crime stats since 2004
as an accompaniment to our
transparent government launch.
From 2004 up to the last quarter.
OK, we are just about to launch
healthy choices with...Andy Murray!
Andy Murray, ace!
Good joke.
We'll make a minister of you yet.
After that, we can try and get you
something for, say, end of the week.
After, why after?
Why not right alongside?
Or, here's a thought...
before.
Because we're under resourced and
it's not a priority.
The PM thinks it is a priority.
It CAN be done.
Oh, I seem to have
reached the end of my argument!
OK, well, look,
why don't we say Thursday lunchtime?
You've got Fran's leaving.
I have got a lunch.
Thursday afternoon.
I don't give a
fuck about Fran's leaving lunch.
I'm saying now, now, now,
now, now, now.
HE INHALES DEEPLY
OK, chillax,
we're on the case, Steve.
Lovely. Thank you very much.
OK, well it's a delight to see you.
Oh, another one.
Mind my gaunt face!
THEY LAUGH
Bye-bye. Bye, bye.
What you call that? Obsessive
repulsive disorder, I would say.
I'm going to ring Malcolm. Holiday
or not, I'm going to ring Malcolm
about this. "Caffeinated gifts!"
Malcolm never bought us
coffee, I like him.
Yes, well, you like bath salts.
You're basically an idiot.
So, everybody's for coffee, eh?
Mmm-mmm.
Sorry I can't do espressos but I've
made this so thick and black it will
be like fucking drinking plimsolls.
This Steve Fleming thing's going to
end in tears, isn't it? You sacked
him last time.
All right.
Right, OK. Off the record, right, OK?
While Steve is a useful tool, and I
do emphasise the word useful here,
I'm still running the show, right?
If you're still running the
show, why do you need to tell us?
Geoffrey, all I'm saying is this,
it would be very much fucking
appreciated if you could emphasise
the fact that I'm at the heart of
government because it's fucking true.
I AM the heart. I am the ventricles
and the fucking aorta. Malcolm, we
get it, you're still the star of the
show. It's not for me to say.
No, you're still the star of
the show, until they start
wheeling out the celebrities.
What's next, Malcolm, Ant and Dec
as the new fucking litter tsars.
That's when you know you are
20 points behind in the polls.
Oh, well, thank you very much,
Mr fucking Prick Robinson.
Nicola,
it's your nephew on the phone. What?
Your nephew, Andy Murray.
On the line, now?
It's Andy Murray on the line.
What line? Press 2.
He's not there, Terri.
Maybe it was three. God, it drives
me insane. Is he there now? Yes.
Hang on. Really pisses me off,
the fucking phones in this whole...
Andy, hello! It's Nicola Murray,
yes, what a delight to talk to you.
'Hi, Malcolm.' Ollie. Andy Murray.
Oh, good, we are literally
confirming him as we speak.
Ditch him.
We can't go with celebrities, right.
It's just going to look bad. Why?
'Were going to look
desperate, right?' Well, Steve
Fleming likes the idea.
Never mind what Mummy says, just
do what Daddy says, right? Whilst
you're on, there's another thing.
Mummy has asked us to publish
the crime stats as part of the
transparent government initiative.
'Is that all right with Daddy?'
It's fine.
Really, because
Nicola's got that baffled, panicky
look like a child on a ghost train.
Give me second while I look up my
file of things I really
don't give a fuck about.
And here we have under the letter N
we've got, nail-bombing golf clubs,
there is the National Trust, there is
Newcastle, Nicola Murray, yes.
She's still there.
So fucking can Andy Murray and get
on with the fucking crime stats.
I'll make sure Kate liaises with
my press whiz kid, Terri Coverley.
She's a woman. But, listen, if
there's anything else we can do for
you, please don't hesitate to call.
Dare I say it, we are here to serve,
if you'll excuse the pun!
All right, Andy, take care, bye.
Malcolm says we have to drop him.
What?! Andy, he's not in, he is now
out, apparently, according
to Malcolm,
sent to bed without
any barley water.
But he's an fucking tennis player.
We're not asking
Shane MacGowan, why?
It's nothing personal. He's just
said, bringing in celebrities,
looks desperate.
It's the sign of a dying government.
We are a dying government!
Our hair's falling out and we are
coughing up blood and our kids
are asking us to change the will!
He was quite clear about this.
He said kill it, kitten,
breeze-block, sack, canal.
Oh, I can imagine being clear about
it. Right. We've got to get on to,
you've got to get on to... Me?
Andy Murray's people and find a
polite way of saying piss off, Andy,
apparently you're too well known to
front our public awareness campaign.
Right, good news is, I have done all
that pile and that's in the system.
Excellent.
Fuck me. What's the hell's this?
It appears to be a trolley
full of crime stats.
Vandalism, bicycle theft, oh,
this is ridiculous!
Well, that's given us an
unexpected head start, well done.
I would kill you but I'd have to
add you to the fucking figures.
Think about what you are going
to say. OK, I've done that.
What, already? Is that enough time.
Kate, hello, Terri Coverley.
Yes. We are thrilled about
Andy being on board. Get on with it.
No, I'm not actually saying...
End the call.
Steve Fleming's here.
Put the phone down.
Ah...Nicola Murray!
How are the crime stats coming along?
It's not easy, Steve, as you can see
but Glenn and Ollie are on top
of it.
"Other theft", what the fuck is
"other theft"? If you want to stay
late or
pull an all-nighter, if you think it
would help. You want us to work all
through the night on this?
It would be very much appreciated
upstairs.
Well, I'm an atheist.
HE LAUGHS
By the Prime Minister.
I did get the joke, by the way.
(Well done.)
Good morning, good morning,
good morning. I'm back!
I'm sorry I left my
sombrero at home, but here I am.
What do you think of the tan? What do
you think about this shade? I call it
custard cancer. Thank you very much.
Where did you go?
I went to Easter Island.
I thought I'd spend my time there
re-chiselling all the statues
so they looked like Westlife.
How about a coffee? Oh, I've sent
you a link to Andy Murray's website,
there something you should see.
Andy Murray's website.
Andy says, "Just agreed to
lead the government's healthy
choices campaign. Eat, live, be."
Well, fuck a Pot Noodle.
Sam, prepare my horse.
I ride...to DoSAC!
Hello, Terri.
Morning, Nicola. Who am I, Terri?
You're Nicola. Nicola Murray?
Secretary of State for
Department of Affairs. That's right.
I'm Secretary of State. So why has
a sports personality launched my
policy on his fucking website?
Ah, no, I know exactly why that is.
You didn't make the
phone call, did you?
Nicola, in other really bad
news, good morning, by the way.
This is about the crime stats?
Some of the crime
stats that we published, as it turns
out, were unverified and not ready
for being in the public domain.
Marianne Swift at the Mail...
Oh, swine-faced Swift.
That's the one. She noticed a drop
in the figures for aggravated
burglary in the last quarter
whereas when she checked it out...
There was no drop? Yeah.
Right, so Swine-face Swift and her
piggy hack hog colleagues...
Exactly. So we are getting a
lot of oinking on the phones.
So basically, what that means is the
department, well,
essentially the royal you, seem
to have massaged the crime figures.
Great, thank you Steve
"fucking Nicola" Fleming.
Yes, he is an fucking...
ninny, isn't it?
Bring my dispatch boxes. OK.
Malcolm! Oh, there he is, Bob
Carolgees, how's the wee comedy dog?
Welcome back, good holiday?
I hear your kitchen's
lovely at this time of year.
Well, actually, I went to Spain.
Oh, nice.
I went to Malaga. It was lovely.
I was golfing with Stephen Hawking.
He lied about his handicap.
Mind you, I never had to hire a golf
buggy, I just sat in his lap.
Please, why do we
have to be like this?
All this negative energy, come on!
What? Well,
we've got to work together so...
Do you know what,
that doesn't mean we have to like
each other, does it? No. Sorry.
We both know we don't like each
other, everybody knows that we are
the Gallagher brothers of politics.
How does that work? Does that mean
I am a semi-talented song writer and
you're the fucking loutish prick.
That's a lovely analogy.
You were the one who forced
me out of the sodding band.
HE CHUCKLES
Come on, let's have a chat.
You were asked to leave
the fucking band and you
wouldn't fucking go, would you?
You had to hang on in there
like a limpet up a whale's arse.
Why do you thrive so
much on being disliked?
People hate me, good! Bring it on.
Do know what they think about you?
I'm sure you're going to tell me.
I'll tell you exactly
what people say about you.
All right, go on then. Fuck all.
Oh, do they, fuck all? People
have no fucking opinion about you.
You're like fucking Special K or
fucking the Moody Blues.
That's you, white noise in the
background. Do you find that funny?
No, I don't find anything you're
saying funny whatsoever and I'll
tell you a home truth,
Malcolm Tucker.
The people who are really hated in
this country,
the people who are really hated are
us, this government.
How about we stand together? Let's
both be team players, shall we?
Were you the Einstein that OK'd this
fucking Andy Murray thing at DoSAC
because I've got the Telegraph on
here and you've probably got the
Times asking why the budget's been
pre-announced on Twitter
by fucking Ryan Giggs.
Shit!
"The last quarter's crime
stats which DoSAC have published
art unconfirmed projections."
Shit! That's DoSAC for you.
Come on, Malcolm, team players.
Bring me sunshine.
No, we are not manipulating the
figures, somebody quite
simply made a mistake.
No, I couldn't possibly say who.
Glen Cullen. Glen with one N.
We have actually decided to go in
a different direction from Andy.
Good holiday? Shut it, you
fucking hairdresser. Got any photos?
I'll get a photo of you in a minute
with your cock nailed to the desk.
Hey, you want to see something
that's really worth photographing,
Steve Fleming at work, eh?
That the real master of spin.
He's Spinney fucking Hendrix.
Nicola, you and your
department have screwed up.
I'd like to agree with the
previous speaker only adding
the words "fucking royally."
Oh, Jesus, are my
being gang-bollocked?
Andy Murray's Henman
fisting us in the press.
We could have that... With undue
respect, Malcolm, the crimes stats
cock-up is a much bigger deal.
This is such a great double act,
isn't it? Good cock, bad cock.
I tell you what, why
don't you go first? I need a wazz.
I like you, Nicola, I quite like you,
but, darling, I've got to ask you,
what the bloody hell happened?
Like you asked,
we published the crime figures from
2004 up to the last quarter.
Yes, up to the last quarter, but not
up to and including the last quarter,
you dozy mare.
Up to, includes the thing
you're going up to, right?
If you say count up to 20,
it means count up to and
include the number 20.
The events leading up to
the Second World War do not
include the Second World War.
We haven't got time for a
semantic argument about this.
Listen, sweetheart...
Do not fucking call me sweetheart.
I think you'll find Steve was
addressing me, the tash is a bit of
a giveaway. I'll draft a statement.
You fucking will not draft any
fucking statement. I've been
minding the shop.
You were fucking
minding the shop and what happened?
A bunch of fucking school kids
came in and fucking dropped
their trousers and fucking
had a shit in aisle five.
Well, thank you for giving
us a guided tour around the
Freudian nightmare of your head.
Could you two decide between you,
in which order and from which
direction I'm going to be shafted?
Andy, let me talk you
through the decision.
We do need to go in a
different direction.
We need to go black.
What? Sentiment, comedy?
Would you like to speak
to Oliver Reeder?
He's the sort of mastermind...
Don't tell him that.
Fucking...
Hello... Hello, Mr Murray.
I can assure you that you'd
remain my number-one choice...
but I put it together and I don't
get to have the final say
on anything really,
in any section of my life at all,
or even in my personal life.
Stop digging.
Stop digging. Shut the fuck up.
Ignore him. Just come with
me, come into my office.
Malcolm, Malcolm! Malcolm!
Sorry about this, everybody.
Goodbye, give my regards to the
rest of the fucking Village People.
< Nicola, excuse me,
it's Andy Murray,
he's insisting on talking to you.
Talk to him. What?
Get him back on board.
Fucking talk to him.
No. You cannot be serious!
Is that an attempt at a joke?
He told me to kill it,
I've killed it.
Right now, some photos in the papers
of a very boring man with tight
white shorts is going to be a
very pleasant distraction from
Steve's fucking crime stats
abortion.
If we need a fucking celebrity,
can we try somebody else?
Steve Redgrave. He's a boring fuck.
Lewis Hamilton. Fucking boring.
Boring fuck and
fucking drives a car.
Chris Boardman.
Fucking cyclist, are you fucking
mental? Everybody hates cyclists.
Even fucking cyclists hate fucking
cyclists. Plus he's a boring fuck.
< Paula Radcliffe.
No, she shat in the street.
And she's a boring fuck as well.
How about we just launch the policy
without a celebrity?
Oh, great idea(!)
"Hello there, hi, everyone, I,
Nicola Murray would
like to say to you
"that even though you don't know me
from Adam, I think you should cut
down on carbs."
Lads, let's get this
crime stats cock-up sorted.
What have you got both got so far?
We've been trying to think of a
replacement for Andy Murray. Yeah.
Some of the women footballers,
Jessica Clarke or Sue Smith.
Or Faye White.
I cannot believe the
energy going into Andy Murray.
HE LAUGHS
I can't...!
What's his problem?
Just try it and wrap your gin-addled
brain around this. I did say I was
at the heart of government,
but when... Excuse me. Malcolm, I
need to talk to you.
One second, please.
Listen, when that... When that
incident occurred I was on holiday.
Are you saying to me
that my wee caravan is a
complete fucking waste of time?
And my stupid fucking
wing mirror extensions?
The crime stats and Andy Murray,
it's a double fault.
Listen, if you're not a
prostitute or a pizza guy, fuck off.
Steve, could you eat or
fuck whatever is at the door on your
fucking way out, please?
No, thanks. ..How
can I be held responsible?
For what? I've created a
what among the government?
I've created a vibe?
Listen, son, the only fucking vibe
you have to worry about is the one
that your wife hides in her
knicker draw. ..I'm on top of this.
Fine, fine, I'm just saying I'll
gladly lend you a hand if you feel
the need to keep your head down.
I don't need to keep my head down
because unlike yourself, I don't
give blow jobs to truckers.
KNOCK AT DOOR
I said fuck off!
Oh...! It's Lord Nicholson.
What an enormous...pleasure this is.
In fact, it's the Right Honourable,
the Lord Nicholson of Arnage.
Kissing of feet may commence.
You've got all your stuff ready for
your official lording ceremony?
Have you got your mink thong
and ermine colostomy bag?
I have to hide that unfortunately,
can't wear it on the tube
or the bus but I would.
It would be great larks,
but there we go.
How about a coffee?
Well, if there's coffee going,
I never say no to a nice cup
of coffee.
Do you not drink coffee
any more or is it all port
and swans' blood these days?
Swan's blood, that does sound nice.
No, I'm just sort of passing through
because we need to start booting
up this crime stats inquiry,
which, is in effect, an
investigation into the facts...
You don't have to talk
to me about that, do you? I was on
my holidays then.
Didn't you get my postcard?
I'll speak to whomsoever I need to
speak to, holiday or no holiday.
Where did you learn to speak like
that? Is there a special school
that's just you and Brian Sewell?
I'm going to leave you
to it, frankly. So soon?
I'm going to make tracks as well.
The problem is that you're shifting
from the man people love to hate
to the man people just hate.
From Simon Cowell to Piers Morgan.
See you later and remember
my door is always open.
I had no idea, no idea that it
was Malcolm who drafted Fleming's
resignation letter in 2003.
I forgot your political memory only
goes back two issues of
The Economist.
Hey, there's a reference
to you here, Cullen. Where?
"Alleged to have assaulted an
elderly aide at a party conference."
Elderly aide?
Elderly aide. It makes me
sound like a fucking stair lift.
Cheap flights are back. There's
something here from Continental,
"Go to New York..."
Hey! Dora the Explorer.
Still here then, Malcolm?
Time for a milky drink?
Come on, come on in, I want
to have a word with you.
There you go. How was Cabinet? Was
it good? Is Tom looking after you?
You're all over the newspapers
like a pissing puppy, Malcolm.
I think you'll find that's
what we masters of the
dark arts call a blip.
Tomorrow, that will all be old news.
It'll be like the fucking War Of
The Roses or Aids, remember Aids?
Listen, Nicola, did Julius
mention to you about his inquiry?
Yeah. The inquiry into the whole
fucking crime stats cock-up? Yeah.
You know the phone call that came
through to me from your office
about the whole idea? Yeah, yeah.
It didn't happen, right?
You want me to cover your back?
I want you to get the old inquiry
screen out and slap it on
factor 50, why not?
I tell you what, this is what I'll
do, I'll get for you some very
good press attention for your
fucking healthy choices nonsense.
How about that? I'll get you some
big fucking healthy headlines.
You're in no position
to give me anything.
You can't even get a fucking bagel
cleaned up off your door.
Do you mind?
Do you think I can't get
it up any more, is that it?
You're looking at fucking Lazarus,
sweetheart,
and not just plain Lazarus, I'm
fucking self-raising Lazarus, right?
Yes, I'll tell Nicola to expect
your call healthy choices sometime
this afternoon. ..Well done, Malcolm.
He's very impressive, isn't he?
In the way that Chairman Mao was
actually quite impressive. That's
the thing about the evil, isn't it?
Their amazing work ethic.
How are the hacks?
Ready to eat their own cocks.
They're only journalists,
not fucking Rangers' supporters.
I know they aren't.
I need 10 minutes, I need to Google
some jokes about Andy Murray.
Shall I go first? Warm them up.
Tell them Olivier is on his way,
but in the meantime, here's an
audience with Peter fucking Bowles.
Tuesday meeting...
There he is, Screaming Lord Crutch.
I like the flunkies by the way,
that's a very nice touch.
A wee bit Graham Norton.
Don't needle me, Malcolm,
not when people are under scrutiny.
I'm under scrutiny? Yes. Nosferatu.
That's really fucking scary.
I'm walking on, we're moving on.
I'm Ian Botham, I'm walking on for
hospice care.
How's it going with Lord...?
I've not been in yet, I've been
standing here for 20 minutes.
So if this phone call does
come up...
No, no, that's a bit...!
Don't do that.
I made it quite clear...
I saw... I thought Nicola was
choking. She wasn't,
she was laughing
retrospectively at your
massive shiny head.
What happened, did
you get heckled off?
Was the line "Taxi for Tom Selleck?"
Yeah. Can I have a quick word?
Just five minutes.
So, Malcolm...
What is it? What's your problem?
Have you fucking
coughed up your own twin?
No, no, no, no...
I need to talk to Tom.
No, Tom isn't immediately
available to you. Fuck off.
Malcolm, the Prime Minister
respects you enormously.
Sam, get hold of Pat...
Actually, I'm going to need that.
That's an official Blackberry.
KNOCK AT DOOR
Fuck off!
Your five minutes starts now.
Fuck off.
This is an acutely
private moment, Julius.
Would it seem terribly rude if I
asked you to shit off for
five minutes? Yes, it would it.
Julius... Can you fuck off as well!
Excuse me. Julius, what's the deal?
At the moment,
Malcolm is getting the sack.
Shit.
Now? Literally, I mean...
I'm actually in the sacking.
Let's see what the fucking Prime
Minister has to say about that?
Listen to me a minute,
the Prime Minister...
supports you fully in whatever you
decide to do next.
You, fucking Nicola,
tell them, fucking tell them
there was no fucking phone call.
Speak, I fucking ask you, speak!
Open sesame!
I'm not here, Malcolm.
You are fucking here.
Open your fucking mouth
for once and say something.
I'm not getting involved.
You fucking speak, you've
always something to say.
I'm only a Cabinet Minister.
Fuck off then!
Don't fucking touch me.
Come on, Malcolm. You cannot
fuck me, I am unfuckable.
I have never been fucked.
And if you fucking try and fuck me,
you'll find my fucking arse
will grow fucking fangs.
And fucking snap your cock off.
Will you listen to me?
Tucker, will you listen?!
Let's hear it.
Listen to me for one second.
Go right ahead.
I wouldn't tell you what
I've just told you before
I told the press pack, would I?
That would be
very, very unprofessional.
So there's no point in getting angry,
because the show is over.
It's curtains. No curtain-call.
Everyone loved the show,
but it just wasn't buttering any
parsnips any more, brother.
You don't have the fucking balls
apart from that fucking inflated
fucking boil on the fucking
end of your fucking neck...
Oh, look. Oh...
(Malcolm Tucker resigns.)
Looks pretty factual to me.
Fuck this. Fuck this.
Kate, Kate...
It's Andy Murray's agent.
Get her to piss off.
Hi... No, absolutely not.
Malcolm's gone! I'll call you back.
What did you say? "Malcolm Tucker
has resigned." Malcolm's resigned.
What? Tape the telly...
Tucker's gone! He's resigned.
Happy days.
I just want to hug someone.
Is this good? It feels good.
Are we sure it's good? Not because
I don't want to hug you, Terri.
I'm not fucking finished.
You are finished though,
that's what I've been trying...
What are you doing to her?
Don't worry.
Leave her fucking alone.
Don't worry, it's all right.
Wine! Got some wine from the
tackling drugs changes lives'
launch. Where is it?
Need a bit of help. What is it?
Nicola, hi! He's gone. I know.
Would you like a glass of wine?
No, thanks.
Fantastic. I know, yeah.
I've sorted everything out with
Andy's agent. More or less...
I can't get it. This is no way to
celebrate. Shall I hold it under a
hot tap? It's white wine.
A cold tap then.
What good is running it under
a cold tap going to do?
Don't do that, it looks awful.
Get back to fucking
Wind In The Willows,
cos that's where you fucking belong.
I didn't ask you to come back in.
Would you leave my office, please?
As for you...
Malcolm, I'm sick to death...
Don't touch me, Malcolm.
I will tell you this...
You shafted me, boy.
I'll fucking strike you, Malcolm.
I warn you. Don't touch that scarf,
that's Paul Smith. Twat!
You'll see me again.
You will fucking see me again.
LOUD COMMOTION